In this lecture, you'll learn about the other main product offerings that Cisco have other than their
routers and switches. The Cisco firewall is the ASA.
That's the Adaptive Security Appliance, and you can see a picture of one of those here.
The IPS, the Intrusion Prevention System, from Cisco is the SourceFire
FirePower IPS. That can be bought either as an appliance or, more commonly now, it will be either a
software or a hardware module that lives inside the ASA Firewall.
Cisco also make wireless products as well.
They have Wireless LAN Controllers that you can see on the left here and Wireless Access Points that
you can see on the right.
The reason that they have Wireless LAN Controllers is that you get better scalability when you deploy
those, rather than having just lots of standalone and Wireless Access Points. For collaboration,
Cisco have Unified Communications Manager. That is a software product, which is an IP-based PBX.
So, it replaces traditional PBXs, Private Branch Exchanges, which controlled the phones that you would
see in buildings a long time ago.
A lot of modern companies still are using traditional PBXs, but IP PBXs are getting more and more
popular.
Cisco's Unified Communications Manager is one of the most popular IP PBXs that are available. If
you are going to be using the Cisco UCM to control your phones,
you're also going to need to have IP phones on your desks. So, Cisco produce those as well.
You can see a picture of a typical Cisco IP phone on the left here. Cisco also do high-end, high-definition
video conferencing systems.
That's Cisco TelePresence, and you can see a picture of one of the available TelePresence models
on the right of the picture.
Another really popular product that Cisco have is Cisco WebEx, which is used for meetings.
Finally, there's also Data Center.
You can see a picture of the UCS blade server on the right here.
UCS stands for Unified Computing System, as well as the blade server that you see here. Cisco also
have standard rackmount servers as well.
With the UCS, Cisco moved into offering compute as well, where you can actually run your servers
directly on Cisco hardware.
The other main product that Cisco have for the Data Center market is the Nexus Switches.
These are very similar to the standard Cisco Switches, which run the IOS software.
They do exactly the same job, but these are often a bit higher-end switches, and they run the NX-OS
software instead.
The commands in NX-OS and IOS are very similar, though. So after you've learned the information on
switching in this course,
you can pretty easily take those skills across to the Data Center as well.